Document known performance limitation for scoped admins using list users endpoints. (#3183)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/users/index.md

Array of [User](#user-object)

##### Known Limitation

> Due to an infrastructure limitation, [group administrators](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/administrators-group-admin.htm), [help desk administrators](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/administrators-help-desk-admin.htm),

Reviewer: Can you describe the limitation (in the pull request, not the documentation)? Wondering if "infrastructure" is the right word choice.

> Due to an infrastructure limitation, [group administrators](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/administrators-group-admin.htm), [help desk administrators](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/administrators-help-desk-admin.htm),

Reviewer 2: Need to use aliases for this links. I have updated.

```suggestion
Due to an infrastructure limitation, [group administrators](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_The_User_Admin_Role), [help desk administrators](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_The_Help_Desk_Admin_Role),
```

> and [custom administrators](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/custom-admin-role/custom-admin-roles.htm) who are only scoped to view and manage users of their assigned groups may experience timeout for the list users endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and [custom administrators](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=csh-cstm-admin-roles) who are only scoped to view and manage users of their assigned groups may experience timeout for the list users endpoints.
```
